README.md, before:

>**Note**: Please **fork** the current Udacity repository so that you will have a **remote** repository in **your** Github account. Clone the remote repository to your local machine. Later, as a part of the project "Post your Work on Github", you will push your proposed changes to the remote repository in your Github account.

### Date created
Project created on September 15th, 2022

### Project Title
Explore US Bikeshare Data :bike:

### Description
This project aims to uncover bikeshare usage patterns using data provided by [Motivate](www.motivateco.com), which is a bikeshare system provider for major cities in the USA.


### Usage
Please open the :snake: file bikeshare_virgili_final.py and answer the questions - what city to check, monthly or daily.
Finally it is possible to display raw data by answering the questions or quit the programm.

### Files used
The following files are part of this project:

* Code:
  * bikeshare_virgili_final.py

* Data files:
  * chicago.csv
  * new_york_city.csv
  * washington.csv

### Credits
The database for the project was provided by [Motivate](www.motivateco.com).

The project requirements were defined by ![Udacity](https://seeklogo.com/images/U/udacity-logo-6B6DDD1421-seeklogo.com.png)

Commit message:

docs: include available cities on description

README.md, after:

>**Note**: Please **fork** the current Udacity repository so that you will have a **remote** repository in **your** Github account. Clone the remote repository to your local machine. Later, as a part of the project "Post your Work on Github", you will push your proposed changes to the remote repository in your Github account.

### Date created
Project created on September 15th, 2022

### Project Title
Explore US Bikeshare Data :bike:

### Description
This project aims to uncover bikeshare usage patterns using data provided by [Motivate](www.motivateco.com), which is a bikeshare system provider for major cities in the USA. Database is available for Washington, New York City and Chicago.


### Usage
Please open the :snake: file bikeshare_virgili_final.py and answer the questions - what city to check, monthly or daily.
Finally it is possible to display raw data by answering the questions or quit the programm.

### Files used
The following files are part of this project:

* Code:
  * bikeshare_virgili_final.py

* Data files:
  * chicago.csv
  * new_york_city.csv
  * washington.csv

### Credits
The database for the project was provided by [Motivate](www.motivateco.com).

The project requirements were defined by ![Udacity](https://seeklogo.com/images/U/udacity-logo-6B6DDD1421-seeklogo.com.png)
